docs: SDK architecture + small changes (#435)
GetStream/stream-video-js: packages/react-sdk/docusaurus/docs/React/01-basics/02-introduction.mdx

## How to use our introduction

> We know that everyone consumes documentation differently, which is why we want to make sure everyone can reach their goals as fast as possible. We suggest to you to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We know that everyone consumes documentation differently, so we want to ensure everyone can reach their goals as fast as possible. We suggest to you:
```

> - Checkout the introductory [Video Tutorial](./basics/01-tutorial) first.
> - Get acquainted with the [SDK architecture](./03-sdk-architecture.mdx) to get a thorough and quickiest introduction covering the most important topics.
> - Search for a specific problem using the search bar at the top.
> - Explore our guides where we cover the more advanced topics, for example [integrating Video with Chat](./guides/06-chat-with-video), [Audio Rooms](./guides/08-audio-rooms), and [Livestreams](./guides/09-livestream).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Checkout the introductory [Video Tutorial](./basics/01-tutorial) first.
- Get acquainted with the [SDK architecture](./03-sdk-architecture.mdx) to get a thorough and quickest introduction covering the most important topics.
- Search for a specific problem using the search bar at the top.
- Explore our guides where we cover the more advanced topics, for example [integrating Video with Chat](./guides/06-chat-with-video), [Audio Rooms](./guides/08-audio-rooms), and [Livestreams](./guides/09-livestream).
```

> We know that everyone consumes documentation differently, which is why we want to make sure everyone can reach their goals as fast as possible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We know that everyone consumes documentation differently, which is why we want to make sure everyone can reach their goals as fast as possible. We suggest to you to:
```

> - If you haven't yet checked out our [Video Tutorial](./basics/01-tutorial), we suggest starting there.

Reviewer 2: @szuperaz this duplicates the note above

Author: I though it's worth mentioning it again as part of this "where to next" section

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- checkout the introductory [Video Tutorial](./basics/01-tutorial) first
```

- Go through the introducation sequentially and look at the next pages (heading to [SDK architecture](./03-sdk-architecture.mdx) next) to get a thorough introduction that covers the most important topics and gets you up to speed in the quickest way.

> - Search for a specific problem using the search bar at the top, getting guided there directly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- search for a specific problem using the search bar at the top
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe we could add a element that when clicked focuses the search input?

Reviewer: I'd keep capitalization the same across all bullet points. So either have all as sentences starting with capital letters and punctuation or change all of them.
The wording is something where you know better how to precisely formulate things.

> - Explore our guides where we cover the more advanced topics that you might encounter, for example [integrating Video with Chat](./guides/06-chat-with-video), [Audio Rooms](./guides/08-audio-rooms), and [Livestreams](./guides/09-livestream).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- explore our guides where we cover the more advanced topics, for example [integrating Video with Chat](./guides/06-chat-with-video), [Audio Rooms](./guides/08-audio-rooms), and [Livestreams](./guides/09-livestream).
```
